And you can already start to see some things that we can clean up here we can just copy and paste this
list just create one more instance and says filter's robot correctly to say that the will say three
for an hour just to keep this clean.
Will say that the Konst filter or filtered robots should equal an empty array.
And this time we're searching for the letter J which doesn't exist in name and we expect the filtered
robots to be called the dummy filtered robots that we gave at
let's say of.
And we see that something is failing
because Mach 2 is not defined.
We need to give it three.
And there you have it.
We've now tested our main page at least the main page method of filtered robots
and we also have some snapshot testing as well so let's just look at our code coverage for now let's
just around NPM run tests.
Dash dash dash dash coverage
and again this is always with testing there's always many more things they can do.
We see that main main page has a hundred percent but there is a branch percentage.
We're only testing 50 percent of the branch and you see that the uncovered line is on 28.
If we go back we can go to main page and see that we have is pending on line 28.
How cool is that the test says.
All right.
We're testing that the card list is rendering because we're always testing with is pending is true.
As you can see here in our in our mock props we always have is pending to false.
So we might want to test is pending to true as well.
And I'm going to leave that up to you to add the important concept here is that there are so many ways
to test.
You can always use the coverage you report as a reference but try to be smart about your tests and make
sure that you spend your time wisely because you're just going to have finished things that you can
do.
But you only have limited time.
That's it for now.
I hope you have a better understanding of how container and components testing can be enhanced with
enzyme and snapshot testing and obviously the tools that come with just the rest of the test is something
I'm leaving up to you to complete for components and containers.
But let's get to actions Constance and reducers.
We're going to want to test those as well.
So the next video we're going to do just that I'll see in that one by.